Fix: typos (#1341)
lambdaclass/cairo-vm: docs/python_vm/README.md

* `hint_locals` : (Dict)
* `static_locals` : (Optional Dict)
VirtualMachineBase's init is used to set these values (plus other ones), the next ones are exclusive to the VirtualMachine:
* `accessed_addresses` : (Set that keeps track of memory addresses accessed by cairo instructions)

> * `trace` : (List of TraceEntry, that each contains the run_context's pc, ap and fp at that moment. A TraceEntry is added after every instruction (Before update_registers is called))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `trace` : (List of `TraceEntry`s, each containing the run_context's pc, ap, and fp at that moment. A `TraceEntry` is added after every instruction (Before update_registers is called))
```

* [`deduce_op0(instruction, dst, op1) -> Tuple(Op(MaybeRelocatable), Op(MaybeRelocatable) `](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang/blob/b614d1867c64f3fb2cf4a4879348cfcf87c3a5a7/src/starkware/cairo/lang/vm/vm_core.py#L189)deduces op0 from op1 and dst, also returns dst as deduced_res in case of an ASSERT_EQ opcode.
* [`deduce_op1(instruction, dst, op0) -> Tuple(Op(Mr), Op(Mr))`](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang/blob/b614d1867c64f3fb2cf4a4879348cfcf87c3a5a7/src/starkware/cairo/lang/vm/vm_core.py#L214) deduces op1 from op0 and dst, also returns dst as deduced_res in case of an ASSERT_EQ opcode.
* [`compute_res(instruction, op0, op1)`](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang/blob/b614d1867c64f3fb2cf4a4879348cfcf87c3a5a7/src/starkware/cairo/lang/vm/vm_core.py#L241) -> Optional(MaybeRelocatable): Returns computed res based on instruction.res: returns op1 if OP1, op1+op2 mod prime if ADD, op0 * op1 mod prime if MUL (and both operands are not relocatable), none if UNCONSTRAINED (handled elsewhere???, should be inverse of dst), or fails otherwise

> * [`compute_operands(instruction) -> Tuple(Operands, List(int))`](#computeop) -> Returns the Operands(name is plural, its one) based on the Instruction, coputes dst, op0 and op1 addresses, deduces op0 and op1, validates and updates dst, op0, op1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`compute_operands(instruction) -> Tuple(Operands, List(int))`](#computeop) -> Returns the Operands(name is plural, its one) based on the Instruction, computes dst, op0 and op1 addresses, deduces op0 and op1, validates and updates dst, op0, op1.
```

An `IdentifierScope` contains a `manager` (an IdentifierManager), a `fullname` (a ScopedName), `subscopes`(a dictionary that maps a string to an IdentifierScope), and identifiers (a MutableMapping between a string and an IdentifierDefinition) an IdentifierDefinition can be many kinds of definitions, such as future, alias, const, member, structs, type, label, function, namespace, reference, etc. they all have a TYPE that will contain the name of their type of definition as a ClassVar[str]

> A `ReferenceManager` contains a list of `Reference`, and the methods to add a reference and return its position (`alloc_id`), and to get a reference by its position (`get_ref`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `ReferenceManager` contains a list of `Reference`s, and methods to add a reference while returning its position (`alloc_id`), and to get a reference by its position (`get_ref`)
```

Hints are the first thing to be handled once a [`step`](https://github.com/starkware-libs/cairo-lang/blob/b614d1867c64f3fb2cf4a4879348cfcf87c3a5a7/src/starkware/cairo/lang/vm/vm_core.py#L443) starts.
The current steps are taken to execute hints with each iteration:
1. We obtain the list of the hints at our current pc (if any) and iterate over it

> 2. We create an `exec_locals` dictionary that will contain our program’s input, memory (validated_memory), current registers (ap, fp, pc), the current step, ids which contains memory, ap, fp and pc as constants, the functions load_program, enter_scope and exit_scope, and the static_locals. The static_locals add to the exec_locals the program’s prime, the MemorySegmentManager (for example, this is used by alloc to add a memory segment for an undetermined-lengh array), and basic operations such as fadd, fsub, fdiv, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We create an `exec_locals` dictionary that will contain our program’s input, memory (validated_memory), current registers (ap, fp, pc), the current step, ids (which contains memory), ap, fp, and pc as constants, the functions load_program, enter_scope and exit_scope, and the static_locals. The static_locals add to the exec_locals the program’s prime, the MemorySegmentManager (for example, this is used by alloc to add a memory segment for an undetermined-length array), and basic operations such as fadd, fsub, fdiv, etc.
```
